feat: createCodegenDir (#9495)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/integrations-reference.mdx

    injectScript('page-ssr', 'import "global-styles.css";');
    ```

#### `createCodegenDir`

<p>

**Type:** `() => URL;`<br />
<Since v="5.0.0" />
</p>

> A function that creates the `<root>/.astro/integrations/<normalized_integration_name>` folder and returns its path.
> 
> It allows you to have a dedicated folder, avoiding conflicts with another integration or Astro itself. This directory is created by calling this function so it's safe to write files to it directly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function that creates a `<root>/.astro/integrations/<normalized_integration_name>` folder and returns its path.

This allows your integration to have a dedicated configuration folder to retrieve during `astro:config:setup` hook, avoiding conflicts with another integration or Astro itself.

This directory is created by calling this function and only used by your integration, so it is safe to write files to it directly:
```
If this is accurate, it's a tiny bit more explicit about what's happening!

> ```js

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
```ts title="my-integration.ts"
``````
I think this would be an OK title? Would be nice to have one!
